now back to the Olympics for a moment
you've been pay attention to the news in
Sochi you probably heard about all the
stray dogs over there there are packs of
dogs roaming the streets they've even
been spotted in the hotel so last night
Kate Hansen who's a member of the US
luge team posted a video using her
Twitter and YouTube accounts of what
appeared to be a wolf wandering the
hallway of her dorm
scary right so that went online after
midnight last night and almost
immediately it caught fire within
minutes of Kate posting it almost every
news and sports website has a story on
it even wthr.com have a story on it
Casey needed your for day wolf forecast
but here's the thing that was not a
Russian wolf that was an American wolf
and I know this because the wolf is
backstage right now we shot the video
and Kate Hansen posted it for us from
her account and a media frenzy was born
Rover heard about some of the problems
Olympians had experienced in Sochi but
nothing to this extent check out what
loser Kate Hansen shared on Twitter
b-17 second clip shows a large canine
casually walked past her room wolf in
the hallway and I'm not talking Blitzer
she's shooting out from the door outside
her room in the Olympic Village I'm glad
you're not in this hallway there's no
word on how it got inside the Olympic
Village it since gotten it out of there
there's a stray dog problem maybe they
also have a stray wolf problem so they
got rid of the dogs but there's wolves
you've heard of the wolf of Wall Street
how about the wolf of Olympic Village
the wolf of Sochi now that's not the
wolf from Wall Street of the movie thing
this is different he'll know okay um
what's going on here it's just
unbelievable oh gosh like space gives me
chills Wolf's husky the Internet is
fueled by debate right now I think it
might have been a dog but it's
definitely wolf size could you get the
vet to come in here at some point
yeah it does kind of look like a husky
type dog dogs got a little wolf in it
that could be like a descendant of a
wolf a large dog that looks like it
could be a wolf I German Shepherd husky
Meg that's a wolf
perhaps a Malamute people that's a wolf
or an Akita German Shepherd that's a
wolf it's just a mud that's a wolf
I think husky well what is it that's a
wolf it looks like maybe a husky except
for it's not whatever it is it's a
rather beautiful looking creature what
is happening
we're weird yeah weird and it is a loaf
by the way we are going to UM we're
gonna talk to Kate Hansen our partner in
this prank live from Sochi and we'll
show you the full wolf video - there's
more wolf there before the break I made
a confession I confess to being
responsible for the show so she wolf
video that's been all over the internet
and TV today last night a member of the
Olympic luge team tweeted a video showed
a wolf wandering the hallway of her dorm
in Sochi as soon as she posted it the
media went nuts which is what I was
hoping for and it got a lot of coverage
but you've only seen half of the clip
this is the whole thing
my co-conspirator for this was US
Olympic loser Kate Hansen they call her
dancing Kate Hansen because they
probably seen this video somebody shot
of her listening to Beyonce on her
headphones and warming up for the event
she let us have control of her Twitter
account to do this and joining us now
live from Sochi US Olympic prankster
Kate Hansen oh okay
the night there so I want to say thank
you thank you for helping us with this
important mission yeah you know anytime
I can offer my services are you did you
get in trouble at all for doing this um
you know honestly there was a little bit
more backlash it would be but um you
know it's all worth it in the end you
know what though I will say this the US
Olympic Committee or average to remember
one important thing u.s. stands for
United States and we have a little
something called freedom of expression
here so if they give you any trouble
just point them to the Constitution okay
okay I'll be the first to that right now
you're from here in the LA area in fact
your family is here in the audience
tonight how did you get into luging in
Southern California you know I kind of
like to say that losing or lose just
kind of found me they do these
recruitment programs where they travel
around America and it's pretty much like
an open call for all kids in the area
just to come try it out and my dad had
heard about it from a friend and I grew
up surfing and skating and I guess see
Kennesaw correlation and turns out he
was right and now you're at the Olympics
it's pretty great so what was the
reaction after you posted this video um
well so I was I was mourning for me and
it had just posted and I like didn't
really know like should I like tell my
teammates like guys oh my gosh last
night you won't believe it but I didn't
want to like open they bring it up cuz
oh no that's not cool let me play it so
I just kind of you know just kind of
laid low but then I started hearing
people talk around the building and on
security start freaking out cuz it
technically was a breach within you know
athletes safety so um I kind of went low
kind of a little crazy over here but um
are they are there any wolves in your
hotel just for the record um I mean I've
seen a few you sent us some photographs
of your hallway in the dorm there and
that's the photograph Kate sent us and
so we matched it here in in our studio
here in LA this actually it so what we
did is we built this this is this is how
stupid our job is our art department
took them like 15 hours to construct an
exact replica of Kate's dorm and we
hired a wolf also we hired a real wolf
not a nod by the way not a husky or dog
like everyone kept saying on the
Internet
the wolf in fact that we have the wolf
the wolf's name is rugby and there's
rugby and his trainer Molly Molly what
percentage wolf is rugby so rugby
actually is a Timberwolf mix um and so
we don't know for sure the percentage we
did rescue him but we believe about 80
to 95 percent wolf boogie guillermo by
the way your mo do you wanna do you want
to give him a kiss do you want to give
him a big kiss nice you know really did
you want a pet rugby a little bit okay
better okay look at all that well thank
you Molly thank you rugby you did a
great job Kate I'd love to do this again
would you consider bringing a live bear
to the closing ceremonies yeah let me
see what I can find I mean there's kind
of a lot of force going on here but um
you know anything for you Jimmy well
thank you so much and for your help
we're gonna present you with the Olympic
gold medal for pranking um
have fun at the Olympics there she is
Kate Hansen the girl who tweeted wolf
Thank You Kate